README.md, before:

# OpenSCAD Fully parametric drawer cable storage management hive with punch cuts (Plus business card holder)(openscad-hex-cable-hive-fully-parametric)

![](cable_hive_IRL.jpg)

OpenSCAD Fully parametric drawer cable storage management hex hive with punch cuts

This is an OpenSCAD sketch to generate fully customizable honeycomb wire storage system.

Contributions is welcomed via Pull Requests

* Originally by iX (November 02, 2016) [iX Other Designs on thingiverse](https://www.thingiverse.com/ix__/designs)
* Extended by mofosyne for punchcut support for reduce material requirement and print time (February 20, 2022)
    - Inspired by lokabayashi remix of iX's design [lokabayashi other designs](https://www.thingiverse.com/lokabayashi/designs)
    - Also added support for screw mounting as an option

## Remix Of:
  - Drawer Cable Storage Hive - Punched by lokabayashi May 07, 2020 : https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:4342689
  - Fully parametric drawer cable storage management hive by iX__ November 02, 2016 : https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:1862897
  - Cable Management Hive Remix by murlr August 24, 2016 : https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:1734587
  - Cable management Hive by Filar3D August 09, 2015 : https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:961176

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Settings

In OpenSCAD you can set :
* The number of slots in Y and X direction
* The diameter of the honeycombs
* The height of the honeycombs
* The thickness of the walls

This current script which is good enough for most USB cables uses these set of parameters, assuming the usage of a standard 0.4mm nozzle.

```
cable_slot_height = 120; // depth of the slots
cable_slot_diameter = 42; // diameter of the slots
nozzle = 0.4;
nb_of_outer_shell = 3;
```

If mounting holes is enabled, by default these are the values chosen. Which was picked due to it use in some V-slot T-slot screws (10mm).

```
drillholeDiameter=8;
countersunkDiameter=15;
countersunkHeight=2;
```

## Options Available

* `I_want_a_surrounding_wall` : (default: false) set this bit to 1 if you want a square wall surrounding your cable hive. It is better to set option "I_wish_to_combine_it_later" to 0 to have nice surrounding wall
* `I_wish_to_combine_it_later` : (default: false) will add a slot on all odd Y lines so that you will be able to concatenate this part with an other on
* `I_want_side_wall_punch` : (default: true) set this bit to 1 to reduce material requirement
* `I_want_mounting_screw_holes` : (default: false)`set this bit to 1 to add mounting hole
* `I_want_lengthwise_cuts` : (default: false) set this bit to 1 to add extra internal cuts (e.g. business cards)

## 4x5 Cable Output Spec

* External honeycomb diameter is : 42
* Internal honeycomb diameter is : 39.1594
* Requested wall width is : 1.23
* The real wall width in X is : 1.23
* The real wall width in Y is : 1.42028
* External honeycomb X size is  : 36.3731
* External honeycomb Y size is : 42
* Internal honeycomb X size is  : 33.9131
* Internal honeycomb Y size is : 39.1594
* Pitch in X is : 35.1431
* Pitch bis in X is : 35.1431
* Pitch in Y is : 30.4348
* Pitch bis in Y is : 30.4348
* Its dimensions are X = 143.955 and Y = 163.289
* You have a total number of 20 slots to host your silly cables :)

## 6x5 Business Cards Hive Spec

Similar to 4x5 Cable Output Spec, but specifically:
* 6x5 slots instead so that two cards can be placed per row
* slot height is 60mm instead of 120mm

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Preview:

### Punch Cut
![](./png/cable_hive_punch_cut_4x5.png)

### Solid Wall
![](./png/cable_hive_solid_wall_4x5.png)

### Boxed Wall
![](./png/cable_hive_boxed_wall_4x5.png)

### Punch Cut With Screwmount
![](./png/cable_hive_punch_cut_with_screwmount_4x5.png)

### Solid Wall With Screwmount
![](./png/cable_hive_solid_wall_with_screwmount_4x5.png)

### Business Card Holder Hive
![](./png/businesscard_hive_6x5.png)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## License:

Fully parametric drawer cable storage management hive by `iX__` is licensed under theCreative Commons - Attributionlicense.

Commit message:

Max print for prusa mk3s+ also fix business card hive print

README.md, after:

# OpenSCAD Fully parametric drawer cable storage management hive with punch cuts (Plus business card holder)(openscad-hex-cable-hive-fully-parametric)

![](cable_hive_IRL.jpg)

OpenSCAD Fully parametric drawer cable storage management hex hive with punch cuts

This is an OpenSCAD sketch to generate fully customizable honeycomb wire storage system.

If you got a Prusa MK3S+ you may want to use the `*_6x5.stl` 3d prints as those are designed to fit within a prusa buildplate.

Contributions is welcomed via Pull Requests

* Originally by iX (November 02, 2016) [iX Other Designs on thingiverse](https://www.thingiverse.com/ix__/designs)
* Extended by mofosyne for punchcut support for reduce material requirement and print time (February 20, 2022)
    - Inspired by lokabayashi remix of iX's design [lokabayashi other designs](https://www.thingiverse.com/lokabayashi/designs)
    - Also added support for screw mounting as an option

## Remix Of:
  - Drawer Cable Storage Hive - Punched by lokabayashi May 07, 2020 : https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:4342689
  - Fully parametric drawer cable storage management hive by iX__ November 02, 2016 : https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:1862897
  - Cable Management Hive Remix by murlr August 24, 2016 : https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:1734587
  - Cable management Hive by Filar3D August 09, 2015 : https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:961176

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Settings

In OpenSCAD you can set :
* The number of slots in Y and X direction
* The diameter of the honeycombs
* The height of the honeycombs
* The thickness of the walls

This current script which is good enough for most USB cables uses these set of parameters, assuming the usage of a standard 0.4mm nozzle.

```
cable_slot_height = 120; // depth of the slots
cable_slot_diameter = 42; // diameter of the slots
nozzle = 0.4;
nb_of_outer_shell = 3;
```

If mounting holes is enabled, by default these are the values chosen. Which was picked due to it use in some V-slot T-slot screws (10mm).

```
drillholeDiameter=8;
countersunkDiameter=15;
countersunkHeight=2;
```

## Options Available

* `I_want_a_surrounding_wall` : (default: false) set this bit to 1 if you want a square wall surrounding your cable hive. It is better to set option "I_wish_to_combine_it_later" to 0 to have nice surrounding wall
* `I_wish_to_combine_it_later` : (default: false) will add a slot on all odd Y lines so that you will be able to concatenate this part with an other on
* `I_want_side_wall_punch` : (default: true) set this bit to 1 to reduce material requirement
* `I_want_mounting_screw_holes` : (default: false)`set this bit to 1 to add mounting hole
* `I_want_lengthwise_cuts` : (default: false) set this bit to 1 to add extra internal cuts (e.g. business cards)

## 4x5 Cable Output Spec

* External honeycomb diameter is : 42
* Internal honeycomb diameter is : 39.1594
* Requested wall width is : 1.23
* The real wall width in X is : 1.23
* The real wall width in Y is : 1.42028
* External honeycomb X size is  : 36.3731
* External honeycomb Y size is : 42
* Internal honeycomb X size is  : 33.9131
* Internal honeycomb Y size is : 39.1594
* Pitch in X is : 35.1431
* Pitch bis in X is : 35.1431
* Pitch in Y is : 30.4348
* Pitch bis in Y is : 30.4348
* Its dimensions are X = 143.955 and Y = 163.289
* You have a total number of 20 slots to host your silly cables :)

## 6x5 Business Cards Hive Spec

Similar to 4x5 Cable Output Spec, but specifically:
* 6x5 slots instead so that two cards can be placed per row
* slot height is 60mm instead of 120mm

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Preview:

### Punch Cut
![](./png/cable_hive_punch_cut_4x5.png)

### Solid Wall
![](./png/cable_hive_solid_wall_4x5.png)

### Boxed Wall
![](./png/cable_hive_boxed_wall_4x5.png)

### Punch Cut With Screwmount
![](./png/cable_hive_punch_cut_with_screwmount_4x5.png)

### Solid Wall With Screwmount
![](./png/cable_hive_solid_wall_with_screwmount_4x5.png)

### Business Card Holder Hive
![](./png/businesscard_hive_6x5.png)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

## License:

Fully parametric drawer cable storage management hive by `iX__` is licensed under theCreative Commons - Attributionlicense.
